DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/php-agent/api-guides/guide-using-php-agent-api.mdx

  - Agents
  - PHP agent
  - API guides

> metaDescription: 'A task-focused guide to APM's PHP agent API, with links to relevant sections of the complete API documentation.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: A task-focused guide to APM's PHP agent API, with links to relevant sections of the complete API documentation.
```
